# Transponder
Generically-written, multithreaded networking subsystem written in Java. Transponder objects act as "Controllers" to their spawned tClient and tServer instances. 

TCP controller/client/server objects are WIP, UDP is currently unimplemented but intended as a future product!

*** ALL BEHAVIOR IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE! ***

TransponderTCP objects have three modes: 1) Server 2) Client 3) Relay [Not yet implemented].

Contains the following classes:

- TransponderTCP: A controller object that changes behavior based on mode. Accepts a Socket or ServerSocket to determine whether it is a client or server. (Can be set manually, but requires more configuration.) Transfers objects via TCP sessions.

- tServerTCP: TCP client that automatically transmits a default ServerMessage object to every client that connects, and accepts clientMessage<?> objects from tClient instances. ServerMessages may be transmitted on-demand. tServer instances can also send clientMessage<?> objects to tClient instances.
    
- tClientTCP: TCP client that accepts ServerMessages from a connected server, sends ClientMessages to tServerTCP instances via objectStreams.

- ClientMessage<?>: Serializable, generic wrapper class intended to be subclassed. ClientMessage objects are intended to be transmitted/received between tClientTCP and tServerTCP instances. Can also be used to communicate between tClient instances.

- ServerMessage<?>: Serializable, generic wrapper class intended to be subclassed, intended to transmit "states" to clients

- clientSignOn: Generated by clients, registered with servers on connection by client [Implementation unfinished]

- clientSignOff: Generated by clients, registered with servers on disconnect by client [Implementation unfinished]

- Payload: Serializable. The default subclass of ClientServer<?>, provided to you in this repo in order to demonstrate how the Transponder framework operates. You may throw this away when using TransponderTCP.

- controllerMenu: Console-based input system used to create ServerSockets, Sockets, configure the mode Transponder operates in, and acts as general interface to Transponder instances. 
(Until we write the GUI, of course!). This can be thrown away when repurposing Transponder.
    
- debugObj: Object used for debugging the input / output of tServers and tClients.
    Intended to be passed into the Transponder object. 
    
    -- JSHELL INSTRUCTIONS --
    * This assumes that you have a JAR form of TransponderTCP available in a directory.
    * You can generate a JAR through your favorite IDE. I will start posting JAR's soon.
    
    Begin Jshell instructions:
	1) Navigate to directory with TransponderTCP.jar
	2) In terminal, execute:
	
	`# jshell --class-path TransponderTCP.jar`

	3) In jshell, execute the following declarations:
	 ```
	 > import transponderTCP.*;
	 > ControllerMenu test = new ControllerMenu();
	 ```
	4) Follow prompts to setup a client or server, as selected.
	Note: Of course - you need to instantiate a ControllerMenu() instance for the client AND server side!

